TCP/IP. or Protocol Internet / Protocol Control Transmission the called is Internet the for protocol common The it. on installed been has software of layer compatible a if so do can It protocols. Internet the respect must computer a Internet", the to "connected be To

behavior. for rules of set similar a need cables over data exchanging Computers humans. for "protocol" implicit an is This on. so and continue, to person other the encourage to make to sounds which stop, to when speaking, start to when know people conversation, a in someone: to talked ever have you if with familiar are you something is protocol communication A

protocol. communication same the use to have they too: rules obey must computers profitably, them between cables the use To computers. between packets little in data transfers Internet The

on. so and lights traffic red for stop side, one on drives everybody road the on as long as arise problems no destinations; different have all they if even roads same the use can cars of Thousands

fashion. agreed an in cables the use must computers rules: traffic the like is Internet The roads. the on cars our drive we when do we like just behaving, of way common a on agree to have they other each to talk to able be to enough: not is cables the to computers Connecting

Internet the behaviour: common The

Australia. in friend a of one the and home at computer your between nodes interchange several through connection continuous a find can you Similarly, roads. country to highways from passing country, another in perhaps place, away far a to out home from drive to you for possible is it roads the On

interconnected. all are they complicated, very be may junctions the and types different of be may cables the Although

second. per bytes of millions thousand the into well handle fibres Optical second. per text of page a of equivalent the second, per kilobytes 7 about handle can home your from leading one the like line telephone single a capacity: different have Cables companies. telecoms and governments by locally down laid infrastructure, passive a are Cables

roads and cables connections: physical The

WWW). the and delivery (mail services the and protocol) Internet and rules (circulation behaviour common the cables), and (roads connections physical the essential: are elements three system, road the in as Internet, the On

system. road global the with analogy the using by understood be may them between relation The

services. communication Internet-based many the of one only is it Internet; the to identical not is Web The
Internet the and Web The